h1. Introduction

h1. Your Instructors

* Victor Costan

h1. Version Control

bc. proposal v2 good revised NEW 11-15-06.doc

bq. Revision control, also known as version control or source control [...], is the management of changes to documents, programs, and other information stored as computer files.
"Wikipedia - Revision Control":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revision_control

h1. Version Control

bc{text-decoration:line-through;}. proposal v2 good revised NEW 11-15-06.doc

By the way, this is NOT the right way to do it.

h1. Why Use Version Control

* Collaborate without painful coordination.
** Merge two people's changes on the same file.
** Keep track of what your teammates are doing.
* Backup your code.
* Quickly roll back bad changes.
* Documentation for your code.
* Contribute to open-source projects.

h1. Why Not Use Version Control?

"StackOverflow: Good excuses NOT to use Version Control":http://stackoverflow.com/questions/132520/good-excuses-not-to-use-version-control

* A delightful mix of laziness and incompetence.
* The sense of danger gives my programming an edge.
* My code is buggy, unstructured, and unreadable. It's simply not worth trying to keep.
* Management will understand if my project slips by six months because I accidentally deleted something I shouldn't. They do it all the time.
* If I delete my 5000 line source file by mistake, chances are the total rewrite may be better than the original. Eventually.
* You hate your company and want to see them fail.

h1. Why Use Git

* It is awesome.
* Cheap branches (you'll learn about them today).
* Many open-source projects are on Git.
* GitHub
 